update opensafely unzip docs and references (#1114)
opensafely/documentation: docs/opensafely-cli.md

See the [Codelist](codelist-intro.md) section for more information on codelists.

> ### `openafely pull` - updating Docker images

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `opensafely pull` - updating Docker images
```

Reviewer: actually, no, following the structure of the other items this should be:
```suggestion
### `pull` - updating Docker images
```

To exit, press ++control+c++ in the command line - this also shuts down the container.
Or alternatively go to File -> shutdown in the JupyterLab tab.

### `unzip` - unzipping csv files

> For performance and storage reasons on the backend, you need to use the the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For performance and storage reasons on the backend, you must use the
```
nit - preference for requirement levels from https://www.rfc-editor.org/rfc/rfc2119

Reviewer: (also type double `the`)

compressed `csv.gz` output format for cohortextractor output files. However,
you may need to inspect the raw csv data. You can easily unzip a csv file with

```bash
opensafely unzip outputs/input.csv.gz
```

> This will place a decpressed `output/input.csv` file you can view as normal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will place a decompressed `output/input.csv` file you can view as normal.
```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a decompressed `output/input.csv` file you can view as normal.
```
